We're almost done, we're able to attack and heal,
now we want to implement the method to give up what should happen if we click this button. Well we want
to set game is running to false because it isn't running anymore
and then this is all. I'll come back to this later on
but for now, this is really all. I can see it in action
if I fight a little bit and then give up, it's over,
we can start a new one,
go back to 100 and start fighting again, like that, wonderful. With that,
all our action buttons are hooked up,
I now want to work on this section which doesn't display anything yet.
I want to show a log showing us precisely how much damage we dealt, how much damage we healed or how
much damage we got by the monster.
So let's implement this logging functionality next to wrap up and finish this project.